yo what's up guys bulka here doing an
episode of rushing the rushers number
two but I'm commentating over these so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this and
the community there's so many rusher so
I just decided to do another video about
this but come take so I thought it'd be
pretty entertaining and this is like the
setup I'm kind of using like these
Deskins back to like dds or claws so
yeah and I didn't get all the audio I
mean all the clips cuz I don't know for
some reason it didn't save so yeah hope
you guys enjoy and would be sure to do
more and yep all right guys this guy has
been rushing so I'm about to get this
guy after sky offs this broad ripple
quick come on finally there go okay
we're just gonna get this guy he's
praying so I'm Wendy skin Sparky
probably gonna switch them made I mean
that melee so brought in for a little
bit and any second go for it
come on come on Seymour oh my god oh
well I tried anyway okay what the fuck
type of this guy hopefully hopefully he
gets here my clicking my typing all
right guys I got this he's been rushing
so many people in this right okay
someone is on me Thanks ok I'm just
going to get back to the sky it's been
rushing so many people's gay so annoying
so he has the prey mainly so I'm just
going to d scheme spec hopefully it
works this time ok what are you doing
buddy you're not gonna kill me switched
that
ok
right now
come on don't fail me come on tmall come
on there we go see you okay so yeah
shitty loop anyway let's go all right
guys this guy's been forecasting
everyone Oh meet Ellie never mind all
right guys this guy's been haunting me
for no reason so I just mind so I'll get
him he's been pissed me off he's just in
the way I'm sitting getting right away
well I'm just kill him already i won see
mom oh come on
switch back this kid is so annoying like
seriously this been donning me won't let
me get my kills does understand just
getting rushers I'm not trying to fart
farcast random people rush anyone I was
trying to get the rush or so this guy's
just having to piss me off so it's just
striking him come on I just need good
call on him Oh Marty switched the rain
she does panicked I guess ok good fight
wasn't my kill but who cares in a way
he'll be shitty Lou ok this is debo has
been like rushing me all day and I
decided yet them hopefully this works
don't fail me come on dds zeros are ok
another 00 k oops dude yes oh oh my god
what am i doing okay she just telling
her mind alright guys that concludes
rushing the rushers number two with my
commentary hope you guys all enjoyed
like I said I think it all the clips
that I recorded i have no idea why well
it would've been longer so this was kind
of short video and i want to be sure to
do more and try to get those clips back
because they're actually pretty good
where I got and yeah I'm sorry for that
and I hope you guys all enjoy this and I
broke up peace out